README.rst, before:

Django intercooler.js
=====================

django-intercooler.js is just a Django wrapper for `intercooler.js <http://intercoolerjs.org/>`_.

Requirements
------------

`Django <https://www.djangoproject.com/>`_ 1.3 or later


Installation
------------

::

    $ pip install django-intercoolerjs


Setup
-----

Just add ``'django.contrib.staticfiles'`` and ``'intercoolerjs'`` to INSTALLED_APPS in
your settings.py::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        # ...

        'django.contrib.staticfiles',
        'intercoolerjs',

        # ...
    )

Refer to Django `static files <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/howto/static-files/>`_
documentation to configure and deploy static files.


Usage
-----

You use intercooler.js in your Django templates like this::

    {% load static %}
    
    <!-- only if you also need jQuery -->
    <script src="{% static "intercoolerjs/js/jquery.js" %}"></script>
    <!-- this is the minified intercooler.js -->
    <script src="{% static "intercoolerjs/js/intercooler.min.js" %}"></script>
    
Version numbers
---------------

We are keeping the intercooler.js version number, so that intercooler.js releases can 
easily be spotted in django-intercoolerjs. But, since we also need a version number, an 
other dot number is added.

If intercooler.js version 1.0.3. is the current release, django-intercoolerjs will have
the version number 1.0.3.0. This last number will be incremented with every release of
django-intercoolerjs.

If intercooler.js version 1.0.4 is being released, we keep the last django-intercooler 
version number, so that features or bugfixes in django-intercoolerjs can be recognized 
easier: 1.0.3.14 ==> 1.0.4.14

Commit message:

Added missing version bump in setup.py
Also mentioned zepto as an alternative to jQuery in the README.

New version is 1.1.0.0.

README.rst, after:

Django intercooler.js
=====================

django-intercooler.js is just a Django wrapper for `intercooler.js <http://intercoolerjs.org/>`_.

Requirements
------------

`Django <https://www.djangoproject.com/>`_ 1.3 or later


Installation
------------

::

    $ pip install django-intercoolerjs


Setup
-----

Just add ``'django.contrib.staticfiles'`` and ``'intercoolerjs'`` to INSTALLED_APPS in
your settings.py::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        # ...

        'django.contrib.staticfiles',
        'intercoolerjs',

        # ...
    )

Refer to Django `static files <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/howto/static-files/>`_
documentation to configure and deploy static files.


Usage
-----

You use intercooler.js in your Django templates like this::

    {% load static %}
    
    <!-- only if you also need jQuery -->
    <script src="{% static "intercoolerjs/js/jquery.js" %}"></script>
    <!-- this is the minified intercooler.js -->
    <script src="{% static "intercoolerjs/js/intercooler.min.js" %}"></script>

Since version 1.1.0 of intercooler.js it is also possible to use zepto as an alternative 
to jQuery. zepto is not yet bundled with django-intercoolerjs.
    
Version numbers
---------------

We are keeping the intercooler.js version number, so that intercooler.js releases can 
easily be spotted in django-intercoolerjs. But, since we also need a version number, an 
other dot number is added.

If intercooler.js version 1.0.3. is the current release, django-intercoolerjs will have
the version number 1.0.3.0. This last number will be incremented with every release of
django-intercoolerjs.

If intercooler.js version 1.0.4 is being released, we keep the last django-intercooler 
version number, so that features or bugfixes in django-intercoolerjs can be recognized 
easier: 1.0.3.14 ==> 1.0.4.14
